so huh you wouldn't sitted know what
kind of business good joke Don Lemon ass
have in my work I need your help for a
case come in here with your skinny ass
change your button-down plaid gap shirt
any with two eyes on a dick to
read you a mile away please don't use
anymore
what know him he thinks he's a black
James Bond that was real he
think he was me he's legit why is it
every time I'm around you it's a
gunfight you trying to act like a little
gunfire I don't steal turn you off he's
trying to get me back did you walk
around smelling good son you look like
cuz you look 20 years older than my
gray ass I need you to watch my back
there's some simple okay
we're gonna be
what the are you wearing you sure
you like both yes I like I like
yeah the way you say don't sound
like you like it describe what a
look no I'd remember a black guy
dressed like Morpheus from matrix what
was that for sick of these Laurence
Fishburne comparisons chicken oh so now
rated R only in theaters June 14th
you